I want you... to protect... her
from now on.
[gasp] Uranus...
Please, take good care of her...
our Princess is such a
crybaby...
She sure is...
Are you scared, Michiru?
Haruka...
Yes?
I want to... feel you...
[weak breaths]
I can see the light...
It feels warm... doesn't it?
(USAGI) We've lost two more
lights... Lights that were
precious to me...
Oh, where is
our Light of Hope?
The Light of Hope: The Final
Battle for the Galaxy!
(PRINCESS KAKYU) The Sailor Wars
had been waged ever since the
dawn of the galaxy...
with Sailor Guardians, maidens
who fight for love and for
justice...
battling evil forces that
threatened the peace...
Until...
Chaos, the root of all evil...
was at last defeated and sealed
away by the Legendary Sailor
Guardian...
the strongest Guardian in the
galaxy.
[grunt]
Yes.
The strongest Sailor Guardian
sealed Chaos away forever within
her own body.
That was the only choice she
had. It was the only way she
could save the galaxy.
What is she talking about?
I have no idea.
(GALAXIA) Peace was restored to
the galaxy... But after
absorbing Chaos...
the Guardian came to a
realization... That she could
rely on no one else...
That it was up to the strongest
Guardian herself to shape a new
future for the galaxy!
Ha!
[grunt]
[gasp]
Thus, the Guardian gathered the
Star Seeds scattered across the
galaxy, expanded her power...
and ultimately conquered the
entire universe!
It can't be...!
So in other words, the Legendary
Sailor Guardian is--?
Yes. She is standing right
before your eyes... Sailor
Galaxia...
...the ruler of the galaxy.
What--?!
The Light of Hope we've been
searching for is... Galaxia?!
That's not possible!
[gasp]
[whimpering]
(USAGI) Was that really the only
choice you had?
What?
Why do people always insist on
trying to solve everything on
their own?
If you'd worked with others, you
could've found a better way.
One where no one would've had to
be sacrificed. Or be made to
suffer!
[grunt]
(USAGI) If you're a fellow
Sailor Guardian, we should be
able to understand each other.
Hm! [chuckles and laughing]
Understand each other? Ha!
Fighter. [sigh]
[sigh]
(GALAXIA) Do you know what
happens when a planet is about
to meet its end?
Faced with destruction, people
run to save themselves.
They will betray their friends.
Or even choose to take their own
lives...
[chuckle] Those three standing
beside you were no different,
Sailor Moon!
[gasp]
They're traitors who fled their
home planet and left it to its
fate.
Can you really trust such
people, or truly come to an
"understanding" with them?
No! You're wrong!
Oh, am I? Haaa!
Ahhh!
Chibi-Chibi!
Ah!
[struggling]
Chibi-Chibi!
Sailor Moon!
So tell me, where are you
planning to run off to this
time?
So tell me, where are you
planning to run off to this
time?
[gasps]
The entire galaxy belongs to me,
Galaxia! You have nowhere left
to run.
The three of us aren't running
away anymore.
What?
For the sake of our home planet,
which you ruthlessly
destroyed...
For our beloved princess, who
shielded and protected us...
And for our friends...
whose dying wish was that we
would take their place and
protect their greatest hope.
Sailor Star Fighter!
Sailor Star Maker!
Sailor Star Healer!
We're ready for battle! Stage
on!
Star Lights...
[chuckling] You think you can
stop me?
Cowards who abandoned their own
planet in its hour of need?
Star Serious Laser!
Heh! What a pathetic display.
Star Gentle Uterus!
Utterly useless!
Star Sensetive Inferno!
What--?!
[starined yells]
[struggling]
Could they actually be
overpowering me?... Me, the
strongest being in the galaxy?!
[strained yells]
Impossible!
Ahhh!
[pained scream]
[pained grunt]
We did it...
We were able to hurt Galaxia...!
We proved she's not
invulnerable. Together, we can
beat her!
[pained grunts]
Damn Worms!
How dare--? How dare you attack
me?!
Ah!
I wanted your Star Seeds, but
now I'll slaughter you simply
for the pleasure of it!
You have caused me pain, and for
that, you must die!
[grunts]
[gasp]
Ahhh!
[flinching]
[screams]
[pained screams]
[struggling]
[gasp]
[pained grunt]
[pained moan]
[pained grunts and groans]
[chuckling]
Star Serious-- [pained scream]
What's wrong? That all you've
got?
[pained breaths]
[chuckle]
Please, stop this... I don't
want to lose any more of
the people I care about...
I don't want to see them suffer
anymore...
Heh!
Don't waste your breath, Sailor
Moon...
She's a cold-hearted devil who
doesn't even have a Star Seed to
call her own.
It's no use trying to reason
with her!
That's not true.
[gasp]
We're all Sailor Guardians so we
can learn to understand each
other. I know we can.
We're the same, all of us. When
we get hurt, we bleed the same
blood, we feel the same pain.
[grunts and annoyed breaths]
Ah!
Sailor Moon!
[grunts and gasps]
We're the same?
You miserable worm! I am a god!
A god who is shaping a new
future for this galaxy!
No, I don't believe that's true.
That isn't what you want. I'll
prove it.
I'm going to restore you to
your true self!
What's that light...?
Huh?
Silver Moon Crystal Power!
[wincing]
Such a warm light...!
Amazing... So this is her true
power.
Just like our Princess.
Please...!
[pained scream]
[screaming]
[pained grunt]
No way--!
(GALAXIA) Now do you see?
[gasp]
(GALAXIA) Now do you understand
that no onw can defeat me?
I'm going to slice up your Star
Seed up, into such tiny pieces
it will never shine again.
Die!
[gasp]
[pained scream]
Fighter!
You won't extinguish it! Not
this time.
I will do whatever it takes to
protect her and her light! Even
give my life!
Fighter...
You'll protect her? Don't make
me laugh!
[flinching]
[pained screams]
Maker! Healer!
Hmph! Tell me...
why are you Sailor Guardians so
foolish that you all seek the
same fate of dying under my
blade?
[smirk] You wouldn't understand.
What?!
(YATEN) There's no way we're
going to allow this girl's
gentle light to be extinguished.
(TAIKI) That's right. And we'll
give up our lives to protect
her.
Healer! Maker!
I have always loved your
light... Sailor Moon.
Fighter--
We can leave, knowing... our
hopes are in your hands.
(SEIYA) Flying across the
heavens, the three shooting
stars are about to burn out...
Galaxia, we'll show you our last
spark of light!!
Go ahead, I'll turn that spark
into pitch black darkness!
Wait--!
[grunts]
No...!
(SEIYA) Sailor Moon, please
spread the light of hope
throughout the galaxy!
No...
You can't--
No!
Ahhh!
[weeping]
Now it's over!
Sailor Moon..?
Wh--What is that?
Her Star Seed...
Could she be planning to release
its energy?
A fitting Star Seed for the
princess of the moon.
Its radiance is unlike any other
in the galaxy... Ha!
Ah!
Sailor Moon!
[pained gunt and scream]
Did you think your Star Seed was
so special... that it would be
strong enough to defeat me?
You fool!
[pained scream]
[chuckling]
[pained scream and groan]
[chuckles and laughing]
[crying and screaming]
What is this?
We can't beat her even with all
our powers combined? How can
that be?!
[emotional breaths]
[gasp]
(PRINCESS KAKYU) Have faith...
Believe in the reason why you
were given life in this
universe...
the reason why you
met these people...!
[stunned gasp]
Is that voice--! Is that the
princess?
It's too late for that! The
galaxy belongs to me now!
It's mine!
[grunt] Was this the reason I
defeated Chaos?
So I could then destroy the
world I've sworn to protect?
[struggling]
I feel it... Chaos's energy,
growing ever stronger inside of
me.
Soon I'll be consumed by evil!
I must do something... [grunt] I
can't let it end this way...
If I don't protect this galaxy,
then who will?
Go, my Star Seed, my Light of
Hope, to the ends to the
galaxy...
...where Chaos cannot reach you.
Find a star that will embrace
you...
a star that will one day arise
to fight for love and for
justice...
and help her protect this world
from the forces of evil!
But that is not to be. It ends
here.
Now prepare yourselves. I'm
going to take your lights!
My princess. Give us the
strength to fight one last time!
[winces and pained grunts]
[pained breaths]
Begone, all of you!
[weeping]
What--?
[gasp]
This radiance...!
Is she the one light capable of
opposing me?
The Light of Hope I sent out
into the galaxy?
What is this light?
The Light of Hope is about to
awaken.
(GALAXIA) The battle for the
galaxy is about to begin.
(USAGI) The battle to save the
people I love is about to begin.
(GALAXIA) Your light is in my
way...!
(USAGI) You carry a light, as
well.
(GALXIA) I will wipe out your
light!
(USAGI) Try to remember your
true light.
(GALAXIA) Our final battle...!
(USAGI) ...begins.
Next time on Sailor Stars,
"Usagi's Love: The Moonlight
Illuminates the Galaxy."
The moonlight is a messenger of
love.